+++
# Date this page was created.
date = 2018-08-27T00:00:00

# Project title.
title = "Fira 2018"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "Participation with team Snobots for University of Manitoba in FIRA 2018 in Taiwan."

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = "fira2018.jpg"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["Robotics", "Sports"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""

# Does the project detail page use math formatting?
math = false

+++

Participation with team Snobots-*Kid* for University of Manitoba in FIRA 2018 at Taichung, Taiwan.

We programmed a robot to compete in diverse sports at **FIRA Hurocup 2018**.
As **Kid-size** team, we got:

- **Weightlifting**- 2nd Place
- **Triple Jump** - 3rd Place (New Event)
- **Moving Target Archery** - 4th Place (New Event)
- **Obstacle Run** - 5th Place
- **Mini-DRC/Teleop** - 7th Place
- **All-round** - *Fourth Place*

This was a really great experience! I got to practice and learn more about C++, learn OpenCV and a brand new way to code using ROS and Robotis-OP3 Framework.
I also made friends with my colleagues and other competitors from different countries. Teamwork, think outside the box and persistence made our first time competing a good experience with a good positioning among more than 10 teams.

[Qualification video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU-4sg2ITcE)

[Lab's website](http://aalab.cs.umanitoba.ca/index.php/9-news/70-fira-hurocup-2018)
