+++
# Date this page was created.
date = 2019-08-27T00:00:00

# Project title.
title = "Fira 2019"

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = "Participation with team Snobots for University of Manitoba in FIRA 2019 in South Korea."

# Optional image to display on homepage (relative to `static/img/` folder).
image_preview = "fira2019.jpg"

# Tags: can be used for filtering projects.
# Example: `tags = ["machine-learning", "deep-learning"]`
tags = ["Robotics", "Sports"]

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""

# Does the project detail page use math formatting?
math = false

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).


+++

Participation with team Snobots-*Kid* for University of Manitoba in FIRA 2018 at Changwon, South Korea.

We programmed a robot to compete in diverse sports at **FIRA Hurocup 2019**.
As **Kid-size** team, we got:

- **Spartan Race** - 1st Place
- **United Soccer** - 2nd Place
- **Triple Jump** - 3rd Place
- **Basketball** - 4th Place
- **Marathon** - 5th Place
- **Mini-DRC/Teleop** - 5th Place
- **All-round** - *Fourth Place*

This was a really great experience! We had more challenges this year with the hardware side, which made me learn a lot in just a few days. There were more teams and everybody improved comparing to last year, which made the competition very hard. Teamwork and leadership was something that I definitely practiced this year because we moved to a shared platform. Learned more about the Robotis-Op3 Framework and how to adapt it to the lab's purpose, which meant that two different robots could use the same code. Also improved in OpenCV, Python and ROS.

[Qualification video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag4jiWB4jw0)

[UManitoba press](https://news.umanitoba.ca/international-success-for-u-of-m-robot-team-at-fira-hurocup/)
